Fixes #4061 - Define OnIdle and limitations on Exiting (#8135)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Register-EngineEvent.md

Events, event subscriptions, and the event queue exist only in the current session. If you close the
current session, the event queue is discarded and the event subscription is canceled.

When subscribing to the **Exiting** event, the cmdlets that can be executed by the **Action**
parameter are limited to the cmdlets in the **Microsoft.PowerShell.Core** and
**Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility** modules. The **Exiting** event is only fired when the session is
exited under the control of PowerShell. The event is not fired when the host application or terminal
window is closed.

> The engine is consider to be idle if it is not running a pipeline. The **OnIdle** event is fired

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The engine is considered to be idle if it's not running a pipeline. The **OnIdle** event is fired
```
